(dramatic music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(suspenseful music)
(children giggling)
(people laughing and cheering)
(tense music)
- Over here come on. no.
Right. right. there. there.
- Perfect.
- Your family.
- Hi.
We love you.
Lindsey. come here baby.
Can you wave to the
camera and wave to mommy?
Blow me a kiss. blow me a kiss.
- [James] Here she is.
Look at you. honey.
Honey. this is so good.
Hey. babe. hey. gang.
- Can mommy have a kiss?
That tastes like potato chips.
- Well. aren't we just
the perfect little family.
- I love you. honey.
I love you.
- Sayonara. sweetheart.
- James picking you up?
- Nope Lena is.
He's in a meeting tonight.
- When are the three of us
getting together for a session?
- I'm trying he still won't talk
with me. not with you. not with anybody.
- [Doctor] Keep working on it.
He just needs a little more time.
- [Sandy] I know.
- So I think you're
coming along very well.
- Thank you.
(suspenseful music)
There she is right on cue.
Thanks. doc.
- Bye. bye.
Dammit.
(suspenseful music)
James.
you surprised me.
- Sorry. doc. I didn't
mean to sneak up on you.
- What are you doing here?
- I was in the neighborhood
thought I'd come by and pick up Sandy.
- Well. you just missed her.
But now that I have you here
we need to set something
up for the three of us
long overdue actually.
Let's see how about
Thursday evening?
- Well. I'll have to
talk to Sandy about that.
- I'm putting Thursday down.
How you holding up. James?
- Some days are worse than others.
- Well. have Sandy give me a call
about Thursday. don't forget.
(suspenseful music)
James.
Why?
- Thursday doesn't work for me. doc.
- [David] Come on. mom.
but I went last year.
I don't understand why
this year's different.
- [Sandy] David. we've been
over this a hundred times.
The answer is no.
- [David] The whole team's going.
- [Sandy] Without any adult supervision?
- [David] Nikky's brother's 12.
- [Sandy] 12 that makes
all the difference.
I'm so relieved.
- [David] Come on. mom.
- Yeah. come on mom.
- [David] Dodgers Angels.
- [Sandy] Not without an adult.
Don't give me a hard time here. David.
- Then stop treating me like a baby.
You're ruining my life. mom.
- That's what they pay me for big guy.
- No. really I mean you're so afraid
that something's gonna happen to me.
I'm not supposed to grow up
scared of my shadow. mom.
Look it up.
Ever since Lindsey...
(somber music)
Sorry. mom.
- It's okay.
Honey. I know it's been hard on all of us.
- Blah. blah.
- [Sandy] How about if I talk to dad
and maybe he can go with you?
- Excellent.
- Be good for both of you.
- [] Thanks. mom.
- Knock. knock.
- You scared me.
- Doing a lot of that tonight.
- You're late.
- I'm a busy guy.
- Well. I don't like it when you're late.
Hey. did I say you could stop?
- Hey. Schwartz. listen it's in the bag.
Yeah. my mom said that
she'll ask dad to take us.
He'll say yes.
Don't worry.
He always says yes.
Your sister she's so ugly.
- You know that kid's a spoiled brat.
You're gonna have to straighten him out.
How did it go?
- A minor complication.
- Yeah.
- No problem.
- Why do we even have to bother?
I mean don't we know enough about her.
She's the perfect woman.
Yawn. yawn.
- I told you we needed to
know everything and now we do.
- [Beth] You know the only
thing keeping me awake
at night is Victor.
He's not the type of guy to
just walk away from 50 grand.
- [Max] You worry too much come here.
- I hate this dump.
When are we getting out of here?
- Soon.
- This gonna work?
Tell me this is gonna work.
- Like a charm.
It's full proof.
- Yeah.
Come here.
(dramatic music)
- Look. mommy. look it's broken.
- Oh. Lindsey.
(Sandy screaming)
- Sandy. Sandy it's okay.
It's okay. it's okay.
- (sobbing) I miss her.
- I miss her too.
- Your meeting ran late?
- Yeah. well. you know
how these meetings go.
Everybody's trying to out smart each other
it's like a Mensa convention.
- Honey. David misses you.
- David misses you.
- Dammit. Sandy.
I had auditors in all week long.
- It's not just this week.
- I know look can we talk
about this another time?
I got a lot on my mind right now.
- I know you do. James. you always do.
We never talk about anything that counts.
You can't keep everything
bottled up inside you forever.
You can't do it alone.
- Yes. I can.
- [Sandy] James. please.
You don't even know what
he does for a living.
- You think he's a criminal mastermind?
You're right about one thing
Roman is a naughty boy
sometimes but just we me.
- I don't know 40-year old naughty boys
with money to burn make me nervous.
- Easy for you to say you
have man of your dream.
- Beautiful morning. isn't it?
- If you are saying so.
- Hey. mom.
- Hi.
- Hi. dad.
Good morning. Lena.
- Morning.
- Lena rings a good morning we don't?
- She's European they're more formal.
- Excuse me. excuse me. excuse me.
- You gonna sit down. Sandy.
(horn honking)
- God. there's Toni already.
You make sure you eat
some of that omelet. okay?
- [David] Okay.
- You be good. love you.
Love you guys. bye.
- Is mom ever gonna drive again?
- Sure she is kiddo.
She just needs a little
more time that's all.
(soft music)
(telephone ringing)
- Coast Pacific Development.
- [Caller] Mr. Kennington please.
- No. no sir.
Mr. Coulson. he hasn't come in yet.
Yes. sir I will just
as soon as he gets in.
- Thanks.
- Okay.
- God. look at my knee.
- What happened to you?
- Some creep darn near
ran me off the road.
- That'll teach you to
run through the canyon
during morning rush.
- We all hurt. Wendy.
- Is he in yet with. Beth?
- Nope.
- Good morning. ladies.
- Good morning.
- Coulson called it's urgent.
- Beth. can I have a--
- Cream two sugars.
- Thank you.
- Yes. sir.
- Wendy. do you have those--
- Here. sir.
- Thank you.
Can I ask you something?
- [James] Absolutely.
- Well. you shoot Monday.
babe. make me proud.
- [Bobby] Sandy. you are the best.
- Yeah. you owe me too.
- Bye.
- Another shared commission?
- So you got a better ever suggestion?
Look Bobby's paid his dues.
He's a great photographer.
Toni. he's gonna make
a killing in New York.
- So would you.
- Yeah. but my life's here remember?
(cellphone ringing)
Saved by the bell.
Sandy Kennington.
- [Sally] This is Sally
from Dr. Silverstone.
(somber music)
- Oh. my god.
- [sally] Mugged last night.
- Yeah. thank you.
- What's wrong?
- Dr. Silverstone
he was mugged last night.
He's dead.
- That's a very fair offer. Peter.
Yes. I understand.
That's again. Peter.
- Good news from Coulson.?
- Listen to this.
18 million.
The offer's off the table next Friday.
- You know in two years this company
could be worth 25. 30 million.
- It's not just the money. Jerry.
It's whether or not I could
actually walk out of this place
and never come back again
I mean could I do that?
I don't know.
(telephone ringing)
Yes.
- [Beth] Mr. Kennington. it's your wife.
It sounds important.
- Hi. honey.
- James.
(suspenseful music)
He's dead.
- When'd you find out?
- [Sandy] They just called.
- [Beth] So we only have
till the end of this week.
- I don't like deadlines.
- Well. we got one.
- Well. then we're gonna
have to revise our schedule.
It'll have to be tomorrow night.
You're gonna be ready?
(Beth giggling)
- You know that I'm always ready.
(dramatic music)
- Coffee.
- You're a mind reader.
- Yeah. I wish I was.
- Hell of a day.
- Yeah.
Coulson's offer you tempted?
- [James] I don't know
Jerry thinks if I wait
a few more years I could make more money.
- I'll take the 18 mill
thank you very much.
- What are your thoughts?
- It's a tough one for you
letting go of something you love.
It's a great opportunity. James.
Total freedom.
You wouldn't have to work anymore.
- Maybe that's not what I want.
Maybe my work is the only
thing that's keeping me sane.
Sandy.
I'm doing the best I can.
- Where?
- What do you mean where?
- Where are you doing
the best you can. James?
Not with David you missed
his last three games.
Sure not with me.
I miss you.
I've had more dinners alone
than I care to count. James.
You never even tried once
with Dr. Silverstone.
Face it all you do you just
hide out in your office.
- You're facing reality head on?
- Well. at least I'm trying.
- Oh. really.
- That's not fair.
- Sandy.
Yes. it's an unhappy situation
but that's not the point.
Claire. Claire. listen.
Listen to me.
No. no. you do not wanna do that.
No. not tonight.
How about tomorrow?
Four o'clock.
- Where?
- Serge's.
- You'll be there?
- Yes.
- You promise. James?
- Yes. yes I will see you then.
All right.
- I'll see you there.
- All right.
- Bye.
- Goodbye.
(dramatic music)
Damn.
- We had such a big fight last night.
- Who won?
- We both lost.
- At least you're talking.
- I'm not connecting.
- Listen sweetie I know much
you two love each other.
Maybe you both should
stop working for a while.
I don't know take a trip.
Have some quiet time together.
He'll snap out of it.
- I hope so.
When do we get your new car?
- It's coming. it's coming.
- Good night. Beth.
- Night.
- Have a good one.
- You too.
(suspenseful music)
Crystal.
you're working pretty late tonight. huh?
- Yeah. my former pal
Jerry dumped this on me
at the last second.
- You need some help or something?
- No. it'll take me longer
to explain it than to do it.
Thanks any ways.
- Alright. well just give me
a yell if you need anything.
- [Crystal] Okay.
- Jerry should have that
information at his fingertips.
Listen. Greg I'll really running late.
Why don't you just give
Jerry a call in the morning.
Yeah. okay. bye.
Night. Beth.
- Night.
(suspenseful music)
- [Female] Mr. Styles office.
- Hi. I'm calling for Mr. Kennington.
- Yes. may I help you.
- Yes. he won't be able to
make his appointment tonight
because his car broke down
on the freeway near the
Chadsworth site.
(suspenseful music)
- Long time no see.
- I'll call and reschedule.
- Beth is James still here?
- [Beth] No. he just left.
- Darn I need to ask him some questions.
- Crystal. listen.
Could you just give this to him for me?
You know you probably missed him anyway.
- That's okay I'll catch up.
Mr. Kennington.
- Crystal. what are you doing here?
- I'm so glad I caught you.
I need to ask you a question
about the Ventura specs.
Jerry is meeting with them first thing.
(loud thud)
(loud grunting)
What's that?
- What?
- Somebody's in there.
- What are you talking about?
- What's making that noise?
(suspenseful music)
- Crystal. come here.
- [Crystal] Beth. what.
(neck cracking)
- Beth. don't just stand there.
Open the car door.
(loud banging)
You are not going girly
girl on me are you?
Now look you're gonna go back in there
get her purse and her
bike get back in the Jeep
and meet me at the house you understand?
- What are you gonna do with the body?
- Riding a bike through
the canyons at night
is a dangerous thing to do.
Now get moving.
Beth. get moving.
(suspenseful music)
My compliments to your tailor.
- Jesus. Beth. what's going on here?
- Mr. Kennington. say hello to
your long lost twin brother.
- Say hi.
And then only speak when
spoken to understand?
- Fuck you.
(suspenseful music)
- You wanna say that to your wife and kid?
Now say hi.
- Hi.
- God these family reunions
give me the goose bumps.
- I bet you you're surprised.
I mean I know I was.
Up until a year ago I
thought I was the only me.
Then the woman that adopted me died.
She was a whore.
queen of the $20 blow job and a drunk.
She died last year.
They left me out of Lompoc early
so I could attend her funeral.
Guess what I found out
when I was going through
dear old adopted mom's
pathetic belongings?
I found I was not alone
in this unforgiving
knee in the ball's world.
I found you my brother.
Turns out I'm two minutes older than you.
So I guess you'll be coming
to me with your problems.
Shh.
Naturally I was curious
I mean were you alive.
and if you were how did you turn out?
Guess what I found out
after exhaustive research?
I'm speaking to you.
- I thought the question was rhetorical.
- Rhetorical.
You see that. Beth.
You see that.
He gets to grow up in a big house
in sunny California with loving parents
actual pillars of the community.
Goes to the best schools money can buy
so that he can use a word like rhetorical
as casually as I tie my
shoes in the morning.
He's now wealthy man
living in an even bigger
house with the perfect wife.
which brings us to our present situation.
You see. dear brother.
although you have been
waffling about the sale of your company
you are about to grow some
balls and make a decision.
Hey. you've worked hard.
Time to cash in. right?
Lead the good life.
- They'll know you're not me.
- My son David plays
first base for the Oriels.
He's got a good glove
could use a little work
in the batting cage.
He's got a scar on his but
that he got from falling on a rake
when he was three years old.
I keep a pair of bifocals in
the bottom of my desk at work
because it's getting more
difficult to read the fine print.
and I always read the fine print.
My lovely wife. Sandy
hasn't driven a car in over a year.
Dear departed Dr.
Silverstone has concluded
that she blames herself
for the tragic death
of our daughter Lindsey in a car accident.
Need I go on?
- How do you know about Silverstone?
- Because I know everything.
- Just leave my family alone.
- There's no need for
anyone else to get hurt
as long as we can depend
on your cooperation.
Wish me luck. brother.
(dramatic music)
Are we clear?
- About what?
- About the plan. Beth.
- Crystal wasn't a part of the plan.
- It was your responsibility
to keep Crystal and the others
clear of the parking lot
and you didn't do that
so we had to kill her
and that's tough luck.
Now if anyone else shows up
we're gonna have to take care of them.
- We?
- That's right you and me
partners in crime. bad to the bone.
- We can't just go killing
everybody that gets in our way.
- Yes. we can Beth.
Yes. we can.
Now you listen to me.
All of my life I have had dreams
and not a chance in hell
of them ever coming true.
Now God. providence. for
all I know the fucking
Easter Bunny has dropped
a fortune in our lap.
I'm not about to blow it because
we're not willing to make
an adjustment or two because
the situation calls for it.
A million dollars can buy
a lot of dreams. Beth.
(suspenseful music)
So.
what are we gonna do with
Mr. Businessman Of The Year?
- We kill him.
- And?
- And bury the body where
nobody will find it.
- And with me playing James.
loving husband and father
the Kennington family goes
on an extended vacation.
While the Kennington's
are on top of some fucking
mountain top in Turkey or
exploring some jungle temple
down in Mexico what happens then. Beth?
It's important for me to know
that you have it clear in your
mind what's happening next.
- You're hurting me. Max.
- What happens to the wife and the kid?
- They have an accident.
(suspenseful music)
- Tell me again why we're doing this.
- The money.
- No. not for the money.
For what the money can do
because when you're rich you're somebody.
You and I are gonna be somebody.
Are we clear?
(door slamming closed)
- Evening. Mr. K.
- Lena.
You look nice.
- Thank you.
- Going to a party tonight?
- Caribbean dance.
- With Roman?
- Don't you start with him.
Mr. K. David's doing
sleep over at Kenny's.
- Good.
(suspenseful music)
- You're home.
- Here I am.
Me.
Home at last.
- Hi.
- I'm sorry about last night.
- We both said things we shouldn't have.
- And I didn't say things I should have
about the business.
Silverstone.
David.
us.
- I've been thinking. James. that
maybe you feel as long as you hurt inside
as long as you keep
your grief private that
somehow Lindsey will stay with you.
- I think you're right.
- Champagne.
- To celebrate the first time
we laid eyes on each other.
- Watch yourself. pal.
the walls have ears.
- April 22. 1990.
that horrible garden party in Brentwood.
- That wasn't the first time.
- What?
(tense music)
- You're wrong.
- We were introduced by that
city council guy Schlimer.
I sent him a thank you note the next day.
- [Sandy] That's not when it was.
- Don't you fucking do this to me.
- March 4. 1990.
First time I ever set eyes on you.
You remember that charity
thing at the Four Seasons
cystic fibrosis?
- This is not part of the fucking plan.
(loud banging)
- So you gonna take off your
jacket and stay a while?
(soft music)
- I would've remembered you.
- I didn't say you saw me.
Said I saw you.
- Luckiest day of my life
and I didn't even know it.
- I knew it.
(loud banging)
- [Beth] Son of a bitch I can't
believe you did this to me.
I can't.
(tense music)
(thunder roaring)
- I was thinking about the business.
Maybe selling is a good idea.
The time is right. Sandy.
- That's a big decision.
- I was thinking it
might be healthy for us
to get out of here for a while.
Go traveling wherever you want
and in the fall we can try New York
see how we like it.
I know that's always
been a dream of yours.
- Really New York?
- Why not?
- What about David?
This isn't something we can do lightly.
I mean his life's in such
delicate balance now.
- David will be fine.
Sandy. it can be a new start for us.
(soft music)
- Let's talk to him.
About last night welcome home.
- You're in my seat.
- Well. sit there.
You be the dad today.
- But that's where mom sits.
- Good morning everyone.
Eat fast your bus is gonna
be here in 10 minutes.
That's strange. honey.
(suspenseful music)
You haven't even opened the paper.
I don't think I can remember a morning
when you didn't skim the
headlines before you ate.
- I can't remember a
morning quite like this.
- [Beth] So did you have a
good time last night. Maxy.
- Beth what are you talking about?
- What am I talking about?
What am I talking about?
I can hear the kid on the phone
talking to his stupid friends.
I can hear Ms. Ukrainia
freaking yapping away.
- Beth. I don't have time for this.
- But the one conversation
that I wanna hear
and the freaking bug goes dead.
Now I don't call that a coincidence.
You know what I call that?
Fuck you.
(dramatic music)
- Give me a gun somebody
just give me a gun.
- What do you need a gun for. Wendy.
- To shoot myself with
of course bang. bang.
Beth a left a message on voicemail
saying that her mother
had an accident in Seattle
or Vancouver or whatever.
Did I mention to you that Crystal is late
and I tried to phone her.
I mean I just don't know
what to do anymore.
- Morning. James.
- Good morning. Jerry.
Good now that I've got you both here.
I've decided to sell.
(dramatic music)
- Shit.
- Hey. what a nice surprise
look who we have here?
- Victor I--
- How you doing
in the land of fruits and nuts?
- You know I'm just
passing through you know.
I've got a job interview in Tulsa.
It's my mother's cousin.
- Maxy with you?
- Are you kidding.
That son of a bitch.
- If it were up to me.
I'd slice his apple.
What he done to us no respect.
- You know I heard he was up in Vallejo.
- That's a lot of groceries
there for one person.
- I got a new guy.
He's from around here.
He's a regular citizen.
- I thought you were just passing through.
(tense music)
Let's go meet the new fella.
- No. Victor I don't know where Max is.
Victor. I don't know where Max is.
(suspenseful music)
- So if you see Maxy.
tell him that his friends upstate
will be real happy to know
that he's so close by.
I'll see you around.
(tense music)
- I would've bet anything
you were gonna say no.
- Let's just say I'm not the
same man I was yesterday.
(cellphone ringing)
Jerry.
can you give me a moment?
- Sure. sure no problem.
- Jerry. let's fast track this thing.
- Okay.
- What now. Beth?
- Maxy. guess who I just ran into. huh?
- Victor.
(dramatic music)
(loud grunting)
- I hope you like day old Danish.
- No. Happy Meal?
- Funny.
- I know this wasn't your idea. Beth.
- Yeah. and how do you know that?
- [James] Because I know you.
- You don't know me.
- I know you're not a killer.
- Hungry?
- Starving.
It's not too late. Beth.
- I don't wanna talk about it.
- I mean it.
It's not too late to make things right.
- I don't wanna talk
about it just shut up.
(tense music)
- Do you love him?
- Yes.
Yes. I do all right.
End of story and end of breakfast.
- Beth. what's his name?
At least tell me his name.
- Max.
his name is Max
and now his name is James.
- Okay. what do you think?
- It's cute.
- Cute?
It's sexy.
So wanna give it a try?
- Maybe tomorrow. thanks.
You drive.
- Okay
- Come on.
- Let's go.
I can't wait for you to see it.
- I had three martinis and a Mai Tais.
and I don't even drink.
I waited for you at Serge's
for an hour and 47 minutes
one hour and 47 minutes.
You know it's like to sit at a bar alone
for an hour and 47 minutes.
- I'm sorry about Serge's.
- You're sorry.
Yes. well did it slip your mind. James?
- No.
- Why are you looking at me like that?
James. you're just terrified of change.
So was I but when you're in a bad marriage
it never gets any better.
Mine's over.
I'm free.
- Excuse me.
I have some more papers
for you to look over.
- Jerry have you met--
- Claire.
- [Jerry] Ogden. Jerry Ogden.
- Well. Mr. Kennington. thank
you for being so generous.
Please say hello to Mrs.
Kennington for me. won't you?
Excuse me.
Sandy. right?
- Yes. Sandy.
- Well. if Sandy has any questions
I can be reached at the Woodlawn.
Or perhaps I should try calling her?
- No. I don't think you should do that.
- Well. I wouldn't want it
to slip your mind again.
(tense music)
- Fundraiser Bel Air Modern Dance
one of Sandy's friends gave her a name.
- Pretty.
- Who is she?
- Her name is Claire Andrews.
- She certainly couldn't be your mistress.
A man with a wife like Sandy
would have no need for a mistress.
- Are you lecturing me on morality?
- Yeah. Max. you
lecturing him on morality?
- Shut the fuck up and
do your nails. Beth.
You should've known about Claire.
My own brother Mr. Straight
and Narrow an adulterer.
I looked up to you.
Once again who is she?
Before you respond consider this.
Your beautiful wife and
your promising young son
would beg you to be truthful.
(suspenseful music)
- After Lindsey died.
Sandy I hadn't been close.
We had a terrible fight
before I left to San Francisco
on business I thought
it was over between us.
I wasn't myself.
I ran into Claire at a function.
We'd been lovers once before Sandy.
- And one thing just led to another.
- It just happened.
- Give me a break.
- I had to do something she kept calling
sometimes two or three times a day.
She threatened to go to
Sandy if I didn't see her.
I had to do something to end it.
- How was I supposed to know?
- That important thing
that she had to tell you.
She's divorced.
and guess who she's got
lined up as a replacement.
- There's a solution.
- I'm all ears.
- Money you want money I've got money.
We'll make a deal everybody's happy.
I'll take care of Claire.
So how much is it gonna cost?
- That money that you're making deals with
it's my money now.
(tense music)
- We gotta get out of the here Maxy.
You know those guys with Victor
they scare me worse than he does.
I mean what if they find us?
- They won't if you pay attention.
- You know what I've
been thinking about this.
I've been thinking about it a lot.
Now James already offered us money. right
I'll bet you we could get like
two million right now no waiting.
You know what I say we take it
and get on a freaking plane--
- Would you shut the
hell up and listen to me?
We're not taking two million dollars
when there's 18 million out
there with our name on it.
We're gonna keep on doing
exactly what we have been doing
with one exception you
do not leave this house.
You understand?
- Maxy I'll go nuts.
- Do you understand?
Now you listen to me.
We'll get out of here quick as we can.
- You and Mrs. Kennington and the kid?
- With you following close behind.
- Did you see her naked Maxy?
- Huh?
- She as good as me?
Did she do all those special
little things you like?
- What the hell are you talking about?
- You know what I think
I think you like being
Mr. James Kennington.
I think you like every little
bit about it especially her.
(door slamming)
(car engine revving)
- Can I be excused?
- [Sandy] Sure.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. sit here kiddo.
- I have homework.
- Want some ice cream?
- You guys are getting a divorce right?
- No. honey.
- We're a family and
we'll always be a family.
But we do have news.
- Exciting news.
- Gross you guys are pregnant?
- No.
- David. how would you like
to do some traveling and then
maybe this fall we'd thought
we'd take a place in New York?
You'll love New York.
everybody loves New York.
- No. thanks can I go now. mom?
- Sure.
Gee. that went well.
(tense music)
(soft knocking)
- Hi. mom.
- Hi.
- Can't talk right now I have homework.
- You know something
sometimes people just need
a change of scenery. David.
- We need to stay here. mom.
I mean all my friends are here.
I signed up for baseball.
- I know.
- Summer camp and football in the fall.
I even like my school.
- Okay.
Look I'm not trying to talk
you into anything you don't
wanna do I'm just asking
you to think about it. okay?
- Okay. I'll think about it.
- Thanks.
- Okay. I thought about it.
I still don't wanna go.
- You.
(David giggling)
(tense music)
No luck.
- He'll change his mind.
- I don't think so.
- We go he goes that is it.
- No. that's not it.
What's wrong with you?
We're not gonna force David to go anymore.
He's been through enough.
Just give him a little time
to get used to the idea. okay?
(tense music)
(blaring hip hop music)
I went searching for
circles beautiful lights
You wanna ride then let yourself go
You never been a round
peg inside a square oh
Let yourself go
Yeah uh-huh
Yeah. uh-huh
Let yourself go
Yeah uh-huh
- There's a restaurant about
a mile from a hotel Carlos.
I'll see you there tonight about 8:30.
Claire. I've been thinking about things.
We'll talk about it tonight.
Alright goodbye.
- [Claire] Bye.
- These guys are so eager to close.
We could've gotten more.
- Well. let's not get greedy. Jerry.
- All we need are the stock certificates
and it's a keeper signed of course.
- Of course.
- The lawyer says you have them.
- Yeah. I'll take care of it.
- Okay.
(tense music)
- I'll take care of everything.
- Beth.
You really think he's
gonna share with you?
The man is conning everybody.
- Not me.
He loves me.
- You know what I think?
- You know really I don't
care what you think.
- I think once he has the money
once he kills all of us
the one remaining thing for
him to do is cash you in.
Trade up for a classier model.
Is that what you were fighting
about the other night. Beth?
Is it. Beth?
(tense music)
(telephone ringing)
- Yeah.
- I told you we needed to keep him alive.
- Hey.
Drop the pipe.
Alright now get up.
Real slow.
I got some stock certificates
I gotta talk to you about.
(dramatic music)
(locks engaging)
(tense music)
(suspenseful music)
(chaining jingling)
- [Sandy] I thought I heard you down here.
- Hi. stock certificates Jerry needs.
I'm sorry about last night.
I know David will come
around in his own time.
- Maybe after the summer. huh?
He's just so excited about day
camp and baseball this year.
He's already got a full schedule.
- You're right.
There's no way we can force him.
- Thanks.
I knew you'd understand.
- [Max] I have a feeling everything's
gonna work out just fine.
- [Beth] Victor he's here
Maxy he's here in LA.
[David] We need to stay here. mom.
- [Max Voiceover] We
go he goes that is it.
- [Sandy] We're not gonna
force David to go anywhere.
He's been through enough.
(door creaking open)
- Man. it stinks in here.
- I'm sorry if I offend you.
- Don't play me for a fool again.
- You trust him with your life don't you?
You better.
Nine million dollars is a lot of money.
- It's 18 million.
- You're counting on nine
million as your share. right?
Then you're a fool.
- Shut up.
(tense music)
- You wanted to see me?
- Yes. I'll be taking a few
hours off this afternoon
personal stuff.
- [Wendy] Okay. James.
I'll let everyone know.
- You scared me.
- Hello Lena.
- Why you home now?
- Well. it's a big day tomorrow. big day.
I need you to run some errands for me.
- Right now?
- Yes. right now.
Let's see I need a couple
of bottles champagne
the kind Sandy likes.
Can you pick up my black
suit from the cleaners?
- Anything you say. Mr. K.
- Dad. what are you doing here?
- [Max] Well. I thought we needed a little
private time together.
(car engine revving)
- If you wanna talk about moving.
then I don't wanna talk about it.
- Do you wanna hear our side?
- I won't change my mind.
- David.
- What difference does it
make if I wanna go or not?
- I want you to tell your mother
that you're ready to leave LA you got it?
Got it?
- Yes.
- Good.
Good boy.
- But. daddy. that would be a lie.
- Come here kiddo.
Come here.
- But. daddy I don't wanna go to New York.
- Don't walk away from me
when I am talking to you.
Come back here right now.
(suspenseful music)
David. I'm sorry I yelled at you.
Please open the door.
We're best buds. aren't we?
I'm gonna take you and your friends
to a ball game. aren't I?
David.
I won't hurt you.
Open the door.
Please.
- Damn.
- I love you.
I would never force you to do
something you don't wanna do.
- Promise.
You're hurting my arm. daddy.
- That's right I'm hurting your arm.
Come on.
We are going to New York.
You think I'll do it?
- Yes.
- Do you think I'll do it?
- Louder.
- Yes.
- What?
- Louder.
- Yes.
- Now what are you gonna tell your mother?
- About what?
- About leaving LA.
Don't play dumb with me.
- Yes. I wanna go with you daddy.
- I want you to go upstairs and wait
in your room until your mother gets here.
Think about what you're gonna tell her.
David.
I don't think your mother
would ever wanna know
about what happened here today.
'Cause you know what
her hand fits in the disposal too.
(tense music)
Lena.
- What you doing with your boy?
- Playing a little game fathers do that.
They roughhouse with their sons.
What are you doing here?
- Forgot my wallet.
- We don't spy on people in America. Lena.
That's big brother stuff.
- But you do hurt little boys in America
that's okay with you?
- I'm his father.
He's my son.
(tense music)
It's a family thing.
- See you tomorrow. bye.
- Night.
- Gee. you're home early.
Where's David?
- Upstairs doing his homework.
- What brought that on?
- You.
- Boy. that's a good answer.
Where's Lena?
- The moment I walked in the door
she asked for the afternoon off.
20 minutes later I hear the
boyfriend in the drive way
sitting on his horn.
- Roman.
- She was gone in a flash.
I don't like him.
He's a bad influence.
- Mom.
about going away.
Well. I've thought it over
and I guess it might be cool.
- You sure?
- You thought about this carefully?
- Yeah. besides the
Dodgers they kind of suck.
- Any other reason. David?
- What's going on?
- Nothing.
It's just that this place
reminds me too much of
Lindsey sometimes.
- Okay.
(dramatic music)
- [Max] I'll be right back.
(telephone ringing)
- Hey.
- Call me at the house in five minutes.
- Why?
- Just do it.
You're one of Coulson's
lawyers secretaries.
- Okay.
- He'll be okay.
- Well. he sure did an about face.
- I knew he'd come around.
It'll be good for him.
- Surprised me.
- Me too.
(telephone ringing)
(tense music)
- Hello.
- Mr. Kennington please.
- Yeah. hold on just a moment please.
Sounds like business.
- Hello.
Yeah. in about a half an hour.
Okay. I'll see you then.
More papers to sign.
It's endless.
See you in a couple of hours.
- Okay.
- Come on. keep coming.
Alright get up.
Get up.
(dramatic music)
- Perk up kiddo.
It's a beautiful morning.
Don't worry honey Lena will turn up.
- I know.
(garbage disposal grinding)
Hey. you are gonna be
late for your big day.
- That's right just think
tomorrow we're gonna start
thinking about selling our
house. packing our bags
and heading off for destinations unknown.
- Hey. big guy Mr. Lambert called.
Said he's gonna pick you up
at 5:15 for little league
practice and you're
got the bats and balls.
- They're in dad's car.
(doorbell ringing)
- That's Toni.
So are you gonna go
get them out of the car
before dad takes off with them?
(dramatic music)
(tense music)
- Holy Mary mother of God.
- Yes.
You have any idea how hard it is
to get an appointment with that guy?
- As always I'm impressed.
- Yeah.
You want some coffee Tone.
- Okay. what's wrong?
You cannot hide anything from me.
- I don't know.
David he's just acting really withdrawn.
I can't put my finger on it.
James god he's just been
so unpredictable this week.
I don't know what he's
gonna say or do next.
- [Toni] Well. Sandy. he's
been under a lot of pressure.
I mean after all he is
selling his company.
- I know.
There is something more though. Toni.
(tense music)
Lena never takes this off.
Never.
(telephone ringing)
Hello.
- [Detective] Hello am I
speaking so Sandra M. Kennington?
- [Sandy] Yes.
- [Detective] I'm Detective
Rowland. Homicide Division LAPD.
I'm calling in regard to Lena Kuchinski.
- [David] Hi. mom I'm home.
- David. come here a sec will you?
You have any idea how
this got in the basket?
- I put it there this morning.
- Where'd you find it?
- When I went to go get
the little league stuff.
it was in the back of dad's Jeep.
- Okay. go do your homework will you?
- Okay.
(telephone ringing)
- Excuse me.
Coast Pacific Development.
- [Sandy] Wendy. it's Sandy.
- Hi. Mrs. Kennington.
- [Sandy] Can I speak to James.
- No. they just signed
the papers downtown.
- [Sandy] He's still there?
- They're on their way back.
- [Sandy] Have him call me right away.
- Okay. yes. I'll tell him.
- Thanks.
- Bye. bye.
(soft typing on keyboard)
- Toni.
- You screeched?
- Stay with David till he
gets picked up will you?
- [Toni] What's the matter?
- [Sandy] Can't talk now.
- Wait at least tell me where you're going
and how you intend on getting there.
- I'm driving.
- Look mommy. mommy look it's broken.
Look mommy. mommy look it's broken.
It's broken.
(tires screeching)
(loud crash)
(chains jingling)
(locks disengaging)
- Wake up sleeping beauty.
(gun firing)
(cellphone ringing)
- Excuse me a moment. Jerry.
Yeah.
- [Beth] Maxy he got out of his handcuffs.
- Well. how did that happen?
- How the hell should I know.
Maybe he chewed through them or something.
- Alright. alright calm
down I'm on my way.
Jerry. I'm gonna have to go out.
Something's come up with David.
I'll be back in about an hour.
- Well. nothing serious I hope.
- No. it'll be fine.
- Is everything alright?
- Yeah. it's fine I'll be right back.
(telephone ringing)
- Coast Pacific.
- [Sandy] Hi. this is Sandy.
- Sandy hi. this is Jerry Ogden.
- Jerry.
- Yeah. hi.
- [Sandy] Is James back from the signing?
- [Jerry] Yes. but he just left.
He got a call something about David.
- [Sandy] God. I gotta go bye.
- Bye.
- [Toni] Hello.
- Toni. what happened to David?
- [Toni] Nothing he's
right here watching TV.
- Didn't you just call James' office?
- [Toni] No. I haven't stopped working
on these contracts since you left.
Is everything alright?
Is anything wrong?
- No. everything's fine
I'll talk to you later.
- Oh. James.
(dramatic music)
What the hell is going on here?
- You see what I'm doing?
I'm eating peanut butter.
and I don't ever eat peanut butter
unless I'm very upset
and never fucking chunky.
You hear that guy?
You hear that son of a bitch.
He's gonna get out of there.
You know what Maxy he hit me. he hit me.
He tried to kill me.
Then there's Victor
he's out there somewhere
with his crazy fucking psychos.
I don't know what I'm
gonna do I'm going crazy.
- Beth. calm down you're
not making any sense.
- What do you mean I'm
You know what. you know what Maxy
I think we're just in this
a little bit too deep.
- I can handle James and Victor.
The question is what
am I gonna do with you?
- You know what your brother said?
- I know you're gonna tell me.
- He said when you get the money.
you were gonna trade me
in for a classier model.
- Cupid's arrows.
- What?
- I'm in love. Beth.
- Maxy.
Maxy me too baby.
- I can't see you anymore.
I'm a married man now.
- Maxy.
(gun firing)
(loud banging)
- Sorry kid.
Never was very good at breaking up.
(loud banging)
- Way over your head. Beth.
- Oh my god.
- Sandy.
Please listen to me.
- Who are you?
- His name is Max.
- Don't listen to him.
- Your brother in law and my twin brother.
- The other night after
work they kidnapped me
and they brought me here.
They handcuffed me to a
chair in the basement.
and then he took my place.
- Sandy they were blackmailing me.
Beth was in on it.
- [James] He's lying.
- They must have found out about Claire.
- Claire?
- They were after the money.
They were gonna kill all of us.
- They demanded cash after the sale
immediately or they were gonna call you.
- [James] It's not true none of it.
- Sandy. what happened with Claire.
- [James] Stay away from here.
- Come here. honey.
(gun clicking)
- Sandy. come back.
(tense music)
Sandy. stop.
He can't hurt you anymore.
Listen to the sound of my voice.
Sandy.
Listen. listen to me.
He picked us out.
They studied us like
bugs under a microscope.
- You spied on us.
- He did it.
You gotta believe me.
- Up against the wall.
- Stop.
- Oh. my god look at this you're sick.
- You are a better actor
than you are a crook.
- How can I believe either one of you?
Tell me how did Lena's cross
get in the back of your car?
- What does Lena have to do with this?
- She used the Jeep the other day.
- When was that exactly?
- I don't know a baseball game an errand.
She picked up my suit from the cleaners.
- Stop.
- Sandy. use your instincts.
Which one of us looks like the killer?
Remember what Silverstone said
you always over
anti-intellectualize things.
You've done this ever
since your father died.
- How'd you know that?
- You told me a month
after you started therapy.
Come on.
- No.
- [Max] Give me the gun.
- Don't do it. Sandy. he'll kill us both.
He'll kill David.
- Give me the gun.
- Give me something. anything?
- What Lindsey said.
"Look. mommy it's broken."
- You don't know what
he's talking about do you?
- It's something he picked up on the bug.
- I asked you a question.
- Sandy.
(gun firing)
- You're the lucky one.
You got everything.
- Let's go home.
So big guy what's it gonna be
Yosemite or the Grand Canyon?
- The Grand Canyon.
- Grand Canyon it is.
- And Yosemite.
- Both dad?
- Why not.
(soft music)